3di | Input needed for 'About' capabilites articles (#6975)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Capabilities/About-Simulation.rst

   Simulation/URDF/URDF-Main
   Simulation/dummy-robot/dummy-robot-demo

> Simulation capabilities allow you to test your robot's software in physically accurate virtual environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simulation capabilities allow you to test your robot's software in virtual environments, often with physical accuracy.
```

It's not always feasible to build, train, and test robotic applications in their real-world environments.
Simulation capabilities support development by making it possible to use the same ROS software in virtual environments that accurately represent the physical world.

ROS capabilities are enabled by community-contributed packages.

> Community-contributed packages

Reviewer 2: Community-contributed packages

Coming soon
